okay hey this is bryan and i'm rob i'm
kim baby anyway we're live hollywood
swimming pools actors hot chicks hot
dudes and the hollywood sign if you can
see if this is trailer trash and this
week we'll be reviewing the trailer for
my super ex-girlfriend I thought this
trailer was hysterical loved it there's
nothing funny about being dumped and
there's nothing funny about psycho
possessive stocky chicks like I love you
oh I can't get enough yo sweetie please
like that happens to you all the time
don't flatter yourself you have no idea
what it's like to be funny and sexy and
you know she's hot no it's a cross to
bear mean don't you think I'm attractive
I mean I have crosses to bear and stuff
yeah no I mean no I ban you if it was
like last call and I was super wasted
super all right in your dreams little
boy little tom you have no idea what the
girls call me
dad if you're anything like your brother
oh what the hell is that okay wait a
minute guys we're not talking about you
and your little dick we're talking about
Miss it's not my hermit I mean she
steals this movie and yeah she can do
anything you guys I mean she's amazing
in it she really is and you know she
does that repressed librarian by day and
that sexy like let it go by night no she
looked really hot really uh like office
flooding tired hold on like Kim an
office slut yeah did you like him how is
that like me I stuck to my boss one time
it doesn't make me an office slut you
dizzy for a promotion no she banged him
for a new staplers oh yeah let's get the
story straight okay I slept with him to
get a better cubicle and an ergonomic
chair which just really actually was
worth it yes sir she can give him
blowjobs in the economic chair but
whatever yeah anyway I'm not talking
about you anymore we're talking about
this movie it rocks the trail is amazing
when the shock just pops out at you it's
almost like 3d kind of had me jumping
out of my economic chair and my bosses
laughs what did you think fri i liked it
i thought it was funny kind of chick
flicky but i liked it was funny so yeah
it's like a hybrid though it's not just
a chick flick right it's like a comedy
chick flick and a superhero movie I mean
it's all world and one well I thought it
was cute I think it's a perfect date
movie and if I had a date this is
exactly what movie I would take him to
after you go to all you can eat buffet
at sizzler or do you go before you know
there's nothing cute about being dumb
kid oh sweet
he hasn't called you in 24 hours it does
that mean you're born again 48 hours not
2440 I get it right oh he hasn't dumped
you yet just text him after the show my
god okay yeah let's get this over with
so he can get a tissue oh jeez all right
well many of you probably have had a
breakup much like this boy right here
but you know if you want to get that
break out of your system or just have a
fun night ahead of time that a movie
open she lied to me first and the
trailers great so I would recommend
seeing it fact I'd see it as long as it
was a matinee or something anyway we ran
if you're gonna day have you finished
because I want to go home thank you
thank you live from Hollywood this is
trailer trash remember why see the movie
when the trailers free we'd agree not to
do that they're so lame I like it and
look we owe you like the mattress guy
okay I need a drink yeah
Oh
oh hey
hey